um, I think that one of the advantages of the especially the graduate
training that I had so both of my masters and in my PhD, uh, one of
the real basic skills that I learned that has been tremendously helpful
to me in my career is learning how to work independently. Um, so
getting, you know, learning how to set a schedule for myself, learning
how to keep my self motivated, learning how Thio manage a lot of
different projects at once. So it's not even, like just information
that I got that has, I think, really helped me in my job. I mean, obviously
the information that I learned in, you know, all of my schooling
has contributed to my current success. Um, but I really think
it's more of those, uh, individual. I like just learning how to think
for yourself. Learning how thio manage your own self and toe work
independently have been like those were the lessons that I really credit
with my current success